initial public doc for Distant JS 1.1 (#2)
Kandy-IO/kandy-distant-js: README.md

# Introduction to the Distant Toolkit

## Description

> The distant toolkit is a set of JavaScript libraries and tools that allows a web or Electron application to control remote web applications. The application creates a Distant Controllers which is used to connect to a Distant Agent in order to create and manage Distant Sessions containing the remote web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Distant Toolkit is a set of JavaScript libraries and tools that allows a web or Electron application to control remote web applications. The application creates a Distant Controller which is used to connect to a Distant Agent in order to create and manage Distant Sessions containing the remote web applications.
```

The main use case for Distant is to separate in two an application running in a VDI environment: one part on the VDI host, and the other on the client device.

## Getting started

See the [Getting Started](./guide/getting-started.md) section of the guide.

## How it works

> At it's core, Distant is driven as a well defined protocol. This protocol uses Protocol Buffer (proto3) messages that are exchanged between the Distant Controller and the Distant Session in order to perform it's tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At its core, Distant is driven as a well defined protocol. This protocol uses Google Protocol Buffers (proto3) to build structured messages that are exchanged between the Distant Controller and the Distant Session in order to perform its tasks.
```
